•	Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
The game room requested us to design a web-based version of their Android game “Draw it or Lose it”. The new design needs to serve multiple platforms.
•	What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation?
I believe I did well on discussing the various server side technology options and their pros and cons.
•	What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code?
I found that working through the design document helped me challenge what I thought initially about the design it needed and it helped me to articulate my revised thoughts in a way that was easier to digest
•	If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
I would go back to discuss the client side restrictions again.  I got a little lost when creating the document the first time and did not keep in mind that the main thing we need to discuss client side is the web browsers.
•	How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
In this field I strongly believe that we are here because of and for the user.  With that having been said it is critical that we address the end users wants and needs because if we don’t there are many others who will and that will impact the successful launch of the game. In this exercise we went through the design document process to hone in on what The game Room wanted and how we could best implement that vision.  
•	How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application?
I approach designing software with a more questions = less issue mentality. Meaning, the more we can ask about the requirement the less likely we are to be faced with a surprise and the less likely we are to over/underestimate the time frame we need. It’s the difference of build me a website to build me a website utilizing angular for the front end, java springboot for back end using mongo DB and here are all the mocks.  One leaves things very much open to interpretation and one gets more indepth. The strategy I will take away from this course is utilizing a design document, even if its just for my own purposes. Going through the process helps me to figure out what I need versus what I though I needed.
